This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of the Users information when they use SkiWit Website/mobile application and tells them about their privacy rights and how the law protects them.

We use the Users' personal data to provide and improve SkiWit website/mobile application. By using the latter, the Users agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If the Users don’t agree the following terms, they are not allowed to use SkiWit Website/mobile application.

1.	DEFINITONS

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account: means a unique account created for the User to access SkiWit or part of it.
SkiWit, the Company, the Website, us, our or we: All the features and services provided by the website whose URL is https://www.skiwit.co as well as the mobile applications available for the Apple and Android stores as well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto.
Device: means any device that can access SkiWit such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Party/Parties: SkiWit and the Users/User when referred to collectively or Party when referred to individually. 
Personal Data: is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or User, including photographs and videos.

Service Provider: means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of SkiWit. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the SkiWit to facilitate the services provided by SkiWit, to provide SkiWit services on behalf of SkiWit, to perform services related to the service provided by Skwit or to assist SkiWit in analyzing how the Service is used.

Usage Data: refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of SkiWit or from the infrastructure of SkiWit itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

User/Users: means the individual accessing or using SkiWit, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using SkiWit, as applicable.

2.	LEGAL BASIS AND DATA OWNER

The User's data is, as far as possible, processed according to the Swiss Federal Act
on Data Protection (FADP) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  

We are obliged by law to notify the User's of the name of the owner of the data collection which includes the User's personal data. The owner of the data collection is SkiWit, 1950 Sion.


3.	COLLECTING AND USING USERS' PERSONAL DATA

Types of data collected

Personal Data

While using SkiWit, We may ask the Users to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify him/her. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

•	Email address
•	First name and last name
•	Phone number
•	Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
•	Usage Data
•	Date of birth and age;
•	Gender;
•	Delivery address;
•	Invoice address;
•	Credit card and account information;
•	Language preferences;
•	Identification numbers of the User's technical devices;
•	Consent to receive advertising material;
•	Online customer account information (including date of opening, User names, profiles);
•	Photographic and video uploaded to SkiWit 

Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using SkiWit.
Usage Data may include information such as the User Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of Skieit that the Users visit, the time and date of the Users' visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When the Users accesses SkiWit by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device the Users use, their mobile device unique ID, the IP address of their mobile device, their mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser they use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that the Users' browser sends whenever they visit SkiWit or when they access SkiWit by or through a mobile device.

Information collected while using the application

While using SkiWit, in order to provide features for the application, We may collect, with the User's prior permission, pictures and other information from the User's device's camera and photo library. 

We use this information to provide features to SkiWit and to improve and customize it. The information may be uploaded to the SkiWit's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on the User's device.
The User can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through his/her/their device settings.

Use of the Users' Personal Data

SkiWit may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

•	To provide and maintain the services provided by SkiWit, including to monitor the usage of it.

•	To manage the User's Account: 
To manage the User's registration as a user of SkiWit. The Personal Data the User provides can give him/her access to different functionalities of SkiWit that are available to him/her as a registered User.

•	For the performance of a contract: 
The development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services the User has purchased or of any other contract with Us through SkiWit.

•	To contact the User: 
To contact the User by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

•	To provide the Users: 
With news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which We offer that are similar to those that the Users have already purchased or enquired about unless they have opted not to receive such information.

•	To manage the Users' requests: 
To attend and manage the Users' requests to Us.

•	For business transfers: 
We may use the Users' information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of SkiWit, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding.

•	For other purposes: 
We may use the Users' information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve SkiWit, products, services, marketing and the Users' experience.

We may share the Users' personal information in the following situations:

•	With Service Providers: 
We may share the Users' personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of SkiWit.

•	For business transfers: 
We may share or transfer the Users' personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of SkiWit assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of it to another company.

•	With affiliates: 
We may share User's information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.

•	With business partners: 
We may share the Users' information with Our business partners to offer the Users certain products, services or promotions.

•	With other Users: 
When the Users share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas of SkiWit with other Users, such information may be viewed by all Users and may be publicly distributed outside.

•	With the Users' consent: 
We may disclose the Users' personal information for any other purpose with their consent.

4.	REGISTRATION AND AUTHENTICATION THROUGH THIRD PARTIES 

By registering or authenticating, Users allow SkiWit to identify them securely and give them access to its services. 
If the Users register through a third-party (examples below), they shall be aware that their data will then be processed by these third parties. 

Moreover, these third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, SkiWit will be able to access some data stored by these third-party services for registration or identification purposes, with the User’s explicit consent:

•	Facebook Authentication (Meta, Inc.): Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network. Place of processing: United States.

•	Firebase Authentication (Google Inc.): Firebase Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. To simplify the registration and authentication process, Firebase Authentication can make use of third-party identity providers and save the information on its platform. Place of processing: United States.

•	Google OAuth (Google Inc.): Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network. Place of processing: United States.

•	Weibo (Sina.com): Weibo is a registration and authentication service provided by Sina.com and is connected to the Sina Weibo social network and SDK. Place of processing: China. 

•	WeChat (Tencent Inc.): WeChat Auth is a registration and authentication service provided by Tencent Inc. and is connected to the WeChat network and SDK. Place of processing: Canada and Hong Kong. 

•	Sign in with Apple (Apple Inc.): Sign in with Apple is a registration and authentication service provided by Apple Inc. In cases where Users are required to provide their email address, Sign in with Apple may generate a private relay address on behalf of Users that automatically forwards messages to their verified personal email account - therefore shielding their actual email address from the Owner. Place of processing: United States.

5.	RETENTION OF THE USERS' PERSONAL DATA

Skiwit will retain ther Users' Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use the Users' Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain the Users' data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce Our legal agreements and policies.
Skiwit will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of SkiWit, or when We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

6.	TRANSFER OF USERS' PERSONAL DATA

SkiWit being a worldwide service, Users' information, including Personal Data, is processed at SkiWit's operating offices and in any other places where the Parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of the User's state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from the User's jurisdiction.

The User's consent to this Privacy Policy followed by the User's submission of such information represents the User's agreement to that transfer.
Skiwit will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that the Users' data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of their Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of the Users' data and other personal information.

7.	AMENDMENT AND CANCELLATION OF THE USER'S PERSONAL DATA

The User has the right to amend or delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about him/her.
SkiWit may give the User the ability to amend/delete certain information about him/her from within SkiWit.
The User may update, amend, or delete his/her/their information at any time by signing in to his/her/their Account, if he/she/they has one, and visiting the account settings section that allows him/her to manage his/her/their personal information. The User may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that he/she/they has provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

8.	DISCLOSURE OF USERS' PERSONAL DATA

Business Transactions
If SkiWit is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, the User's Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before the User's Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy Policy.

Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, SkiWit may be required to disclose the User's Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

Other legal requirements
SkiWit may disclose The User's Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

•	Comply with a legal obligation
•	Protect and defend the rights or property of SkiWit
•	Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with SkWit
•	Protect the personal safety of Users of SkiWit or the public
•	Protect against legal liability

9.	SECURITY OF THE USERS' PERSONAL DATA

The security of the Users' Personal Data is important to Us, but the Users shall remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect the Users' Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

10.	PAYMENTS SERVICES 

Payment processing services enable SkiWit to process payments. To ensure greater security, SkiWit does not process or store credit card details, and uses only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications regarding the payment.

When buying SkiWit application: 

•	Payments processed via the Apple App Store (Apple Inc.): SkiWit uses a payment service provided by Apple Inc. Personal Data processed to complete the purchases are processed by Apple, as described in the privacy policy for the App Store. Place of processing: United States.

•	Payments processed via the Google Play Store (Google Ireland Limited): Tandem uses a payment service provided by Google Ireland Limited. Place of processing: Ireland.

When using SkiWit services: 

Electronic payment services made while purchasing SkiWit services are provided by Stripe. By using SkiWit, the Users accept the Privacy Policy of Stripe platform, available at the following address: https://stripe.com/en-gb-ch/legal/ssa




11.	COOKIES, LOG FILES, WEB ANALYSIS TOOLS AND SOCIAL PLUGINS

Cookies

We use cookies and comparable technologies on SkiWit (collectively referred to as "cookies"). These are small files which are stored on the User's computer or mobile device when the User uses SkiWit. 

The cookies that We use serve, firstly, to ensure that SkiWit functions properly. We also use cookies to match our Internet product to the User's wishes as a customer and to make web surfing with Us as comfortable as possible for him/her. We also use cookies to optimize Our advertising. With cookies we can present the User with advertising and/or particular products and services that might be of special interest to him/her based on his/her/their use of SkiWit. Our aim is to make SkiWit as attractive as possible for the Users and to present them with advertising that corresponds to their areas of interest.
Most of the cookies We use are automatically deleted from the User's computer or mobile device after the User's browser session has ended (so-called session cookies). For example, We use session cookies to store the User's regional and language defaults.
In addition, We use temporary and permanent cookies. These remain stored on the User's computer or mobile device after the end of the browser session. Then, when the User revisits SkiWit his/her/their preferred entries and settings are automatically identified. Depending on which type they are, these temporary and permanent cookies remain stored on the User's computer or mobile device for between one month and ten years, and are automatically deactivated after the end of the programmed period. They are used to make SkiWit more user friendly, more effective and more secure. Thanks to these cookies the Users will have, for example, information displayed on the site that is tailored especially to their interests.
It is also possible that the cookies stored on the User's computer or mobile device may come from partner companies. These cookies enable our partner companies to target the Users with advertising that might actually be of interest to them. Cookies of partner companies remain stored on the User's computer or mobile device for between one month and ten years and are automatically deactivated after the end of the programmed period.
No personal data are stored in the cookies We use. The cookies used by Us cannot be assigned to a specific person. When a cookie is activated the person will be allocated an identification number. 
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. They can, however, instruct the User's browser not to accept any cookies, or to ask him/her each time before a cookie from a website the User has visited is accepted. The User can also delete cookies from his/her/their computer or mobile device by using the appropriate function on his/her/their browser. If the User decides not to accept Our cookies or the cookies of our partner companies, the User will not be able to see certain information on SkiWit or use a number of functions which should improve his/her/their visit.

Log files

Every time the User accesses SkiWit, Usage data are transmitted to Us by his/her/their Internet browser for technical reasons, and stored in protocol files, known as log files. The usage data in question are the following: the date and time Our Website is called up; the name of the website called up; the IP address of the User's computer or mobile device; the address of the website from which the User accessed Our website; the volume of data transferred and the name and version of the User's browser.
Analysis of the log files helps Us to further improve Our Internet products and make them more user friendly, to find and remove errors more quickly, and to control server capacities. By using log files, We can, for instance, determine the time when the use of our Internet products is particularly popular and make appropriate data volumes available to guarantee the User's optimum usage.

Web analysis tools

In order to constantly improve and optimize SkiWit, We use what are known as tracking technologies. Web analysis tools provide Us with statistics and graphics which provide Us with information about the use of SkiWit. This involves data about the use of a website being transferred to the server used. Depending on the provider of a web analysis tool, these servers may be located abroad. For the most frequently used web analysis tool, Google Analytics, these data are transferred including shortened IP addresses, which prevents the identification of individual devices. Google complies with the data protection rules of the "Swiss-U.S. Privacy ShieldFramework" and is registered with the “Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield” program of the US Department of Commerce (Information about the “Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield” can be found under https://www.privacyshield.gov/Swiss-US-Privacy-Shield-FAQs). The IP address transmitted by the User's browser within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Transfer of these data by Google to third parties can only take place on the basis of legal regulations or as part of the order data processing.
Should other web analysis tools be used within SkiWit, the data collection process is essentially the same.
The User may prevent the recording of the data generated by cookies and relating to his/her/their use of the Website (incl. his/her/their IP address) at Google, as well as the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the specific browser available online. 

Social plugins

SkiWit uses social plugins, e.g. from Facebook, Twitter or Google+. The plugins are labelled with the logo of the provider, and may be, for example ‘Like’ buttons or a Google+ button or Twitter button.
When the User calls up SkiWit which contain such a plugin, his/her/their browser sets up a direct connection with the provider’s computers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by the provider site directly to his/her/their browser, which integrates it into the Website. By integrating plugins the provider receives the information that the User has called up. If the User is simultaneously logged in to the provider, the provider can assign the visit to his/her/their profile. If the User interacts with the plugins – for example by activating the “Like” button or making a comment – the relevant information is transmitted by his/her/their browser directly to the provider and stored there.
If the User does not want the provider to collect data about him/her via SkiWit, he/she/they must log out of the provider before he/she/they visits SkiWit. Even if the User is logged out, providers collect anonymized data via social plugins. If the User logs into the provider at a later time, these data may be assigned to his/her/their profile.
If a login is provided via a social login service − e.g. Facebook Connect – data are exchanged between the provider and Our Website. In the case of Facebook Connect that may be, for example, data from the User's public Facebook profile. By using such login services the User agrees to the transfer of data.
The User shall refer to the data protection notices of the provider for the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing of the User's data by the provider, as well as the User's respective rights and setup options to protect his/her/their privacy.
If the User does not want the provider to collect data about him/her via these cookies, he/she/they can select the “block cookies from third-party providers function in his/her/their browser settings. Then if there is embedded content from other providers, the browser does not send any cookies to the server. It is possible that with this setting other functions on SkiWit will no longer function.

12.	USERS CONTRIBUTION LICENSE

By creating, submitting, posting, displaying, transmitting, performing, publishing, distributing, or broadcasting content and materials to Us or on SkiWit, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions") or making it by linking the User's account from SkiWit to any of the User social networking accounts, the User automatically grants, and he/she/they represents and warrants that he/she/they has the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, image and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of the User's name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images the User provides. The User waives all moral rights in his/her/their Contributions, and he/she/they warrants those moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in his/her/their Contributions.
We do not assert any ownership over the User's Contributions. The User retains full ownership of all of his/her/their Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with his/her/their Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in the Contributions provided by the User in any area on SkiWit. The User is solely responsible for his/her/their Contributions to SkiWit and he/she/they expressly agrees to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding his/her/their Contributions.
We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion to: 
a.	to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; 
b.	to re-categorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on SkiWit; and 
c.	to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. 
We have no obligation to monitor the Contributions.
13.	CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Children under the age of 18 are allowed to use SkiWit with the consent of a legal representative. Data is collected for  

14.	LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

SkiWit may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If the Users click on a third party link, they will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise the Users to review the privacy Policy of every site they visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

15.	EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY 

Although We perform regular routine backups of data, the User is solely responsible for all data that he/she/they transmits or that relates to any activity the User has undertaken using SkiWit. The User agrees that we shall have no liability to him/her for any loss or corruption of any such data, and the User hereby waives any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.

SkiWit declines all responsibility for indirect losses, loss of profit, loss of profit, loss or alteration of data.

16.	CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify the User of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let the Users know via e-mail, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
The Users are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
In case of any questions about this Privacy Policy, the Users can contact us at office@SkiWit.co

Last updated: January 05, 2023

